pages/embedding.mdx, before:

# Embedding

After creating dashboards, there are three ways to embed them in your application

## 1. React Components

Embedding dashboards in your React application is the recommended way to embed dashboards. It is the most flexible and customizable way to embed dashboards.

The `@cue-ai/embedded` package provides a set of React components that can be used to embed dashboards in your React application.

### Installation

```bash
npm install @cue-ai/embedded
```

After installing, update your `tailwind.config.js` file to include the following:

```js
import type { Config } from 'tailwindcss'

export const cueBorderRadius = {
  dashboardCard: "var(--cue-dashboard-card-radius)",
};

export const cueFontSize = {
  "dashboard-body": "var(--cue-dashboard-body-size)",
  "dashboard-h1": "var(--cue-dashboard-h1-size)",
  "dashboard-h2": "var(--cue-dashboard-h2-size)",
  "dashboard-card-body": "var(--cue-dashboard-card-body-size)",
  "dashboard-card-title": "var(--cue-dashboard-card-title-size)",
};

export const cueColors = {
  dashboard: {
    background: "var(--cue-dashboard-background)",
    foreground: "var(--cue-dashboard-foreground)  ",
    border: "var(--cue-dashboard-border)",
    muted: {
      DEFAULT: "var(--cue-dashboard-muted)",
      foreground: "var(--cue-dashboard-muted-foreground)",
    },
    accent: {
      DEFAULT: "var(--cue-dashboard-accent-foreground)",
      foreground: "var(--cue-dashboard-accent-foreground)",
    },
    card: {
      DEFAULT: "var(--cue-dashboard-card)",
      foreground: "var(--cue-dashboard-card-foreground)",
    },
  },
};

export const cueFontFamily = {
  dashboard: [
    "var(--cue-dashboard-font)",
    "var(--font-sans)",
  ],
};

export const cuePadding = {
  dashboardCard: "var(--cue-dashboard-card-padding)",
};

export const cueSafelist = [
  {
    pattern:
      /^(bg-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
    variants: ["hover", "ui-selected"],
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(text-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
    variants: ["hover", "ui-selected"],
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(border-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
    variants: ["hover", "ui-selected"],
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(ring-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(stroke-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(fill-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
  },
]

const config: Config = {
  content: [
    './src/pages/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}',
    './src/components/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}',
    './src/app/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}',
    '../../node_modules/@cue-ai/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}',
  ],
  theme: {
    extend: {
      borderRadius: cueBorderRadius,
      fontFamily: cueFontFamily,
      fontSize: cueFontSize,
      colors: cueColors,
      padding: cuePadding
    },
  },
  safelist: cueSafelist,
  // The rest of your config...
}
export default config
````

### Usage

```jsx
import { EmbeddedProvider, EmbeddedDashboardProvider, EmbeddedItemsRenderer  } from '@cue-ai/embedded';

<EmbeddedProvider organizationId="organizationId">
  <main className="max-w-[1400px] mx-auto px-4 sm:px-6 lg:px-8">
    <div className="py-8">
      <h1 className="text-2xl font-semibold text-gray-900">Embedded</h1>
      <p className="text-sm text-gray-500 mt-2">
        This is a demo of the embedded editor.
      </p>
    </div>
    <EmbeddedDashboardProvider
      dashboardId="dashboardId"
      customerId="customerId"
    >
      <EmbeddedItemsRenderer />
    </EmbeddedDashboardProvider>
  </main>
</EmbeddedProvider>
```

Swap out the `organizationId`, `dashboardId` and `customerId` with your own values.

## 2. iFrame

The iFrame method is the easiest way to embed dashboards. It is the least flexible and customizable way to embed dashboards.

```
<iframe
  src="https://app.trycue.ai/customer-dashboard/{dashboardId}?customer-id={customerId}"
/>
```

Swap out the `dashboardId` and `customerId` with your own values.

## 3. Customer Portal

The customer portal is a pre-built React application where your customers can access and configure their Cue dashboards.

This option is available by request only.

Commit message:

add description for overriding tailwind theme

pages/embedding.mdx, after:

# Embedding

After creating dashboards, there are three ways to embed them in your application

## 1. React Components

Embedding dashboards in your React application is the recommended way to embed dashboards. It is the most flexible and customizable way to embed dashboards.

The `@cue-ai/embedded` package provides a set of React components that can be used to embed dashboards in your React application.

### Installation

```bash
npm install @cue-ai/embedded
```

After installing, update your `tailwind.config.js` file to include the following:

```js
import type { Config } from 'tailwindcss'

export const cueBorderRadius = {
  dashboardCard: "var(--cue-dashboard-card-radius)",
};

export const cueFontSize = {
  "dashboard-body": "var(--cue-dashboard-body-size)",
  "dashboard-h1": "var(--cue-dashboard-h1-size)",
  "dashboard-h2": "var(--cue-dashboard-h2-size)",
  "dashboard-card-body": "var(--cue-dashboard-card-body-size)",
  "dashboard-card-title": "var(--cue-dashboard-card-title-size)",
};

export const cueColors = {
  dashboard: {
    background: "var(--cue-dashboard-background)",
    foreground: "var(--cue-dashboard-foreground)  ",
    border: "var(--cue-dashboard-border)",
    muted: {
      DEFAULT: "var(--cue-dashboard-muted)",
      foreground: "var(--cue-dashboard-muted-foreground)",
    },
    accent: {
      DEFAULT: "var(--cue-dashboard-accent-foreground)",
      foreground: "var(--cue-dashboard-accent-foreground)",
    },
    card: {
      DEFAULT: "var(--cue-dashboard-card)",
      foreground: "var(--cue-dashboard-card-foreground)",
    },
  },
};

export const cueFontFamily = {
  dashboard: [
    "var(--cue-dashboard-font)",
    "var(--font-sans)",
  ],
};

export const cuePadding = {
  dashboardCard: "var(--cue-dashboard-card-padding)",
};

export const cueSafelist = [
  {
    pattern:
      /^(bg-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
    variants: ["hover", "ui-selected"],
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(text-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
    variants: ["hover", "ui-selected"],
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(border-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
    variants: ["hover", "ui-selected"],
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(ring-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(stroke-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
  },
  {
    pattern:
      /^(fill-(?:slate|gray|zinc|neutral|stone|red|orange|amber|yellow|lime|green|emerald|teal|cyan|sky|blue|indigo|violet|purple|fuchsia|pink|rose)-(?:50|100|200|300|400|500|600|700|800|900|950))$/,
  },
]

const config: Config = {
  content: [
    './src/pages/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}',
    './src/components/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}',
    './src/app/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}',
    '../../node_modules/@cue-ai/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}',
  ],
  theme: {
    extend: {
      borderRadius: cueBorderRadius,
      fontFamily: cueFontFamily,
      fontSize: cueFontSize,
      colors: cueColors,
      padding: cuePadding
    },
  },
  safelist: cueSafelist,
  // The rest of your config...
}
export default config
````

### Usage

```jsx
import { EmbeddedProvider, EmbeddedDashboardProvider, EmbeddedItemsRenderer  } from '@cue-ai/embedded';

<EmbeddedProvider organizationId="organizationId">
  <main className="max-w-[1400px] mx-auto px-4 sm:px-6 lg:px-8">
    <div className="py-8">
      <h1 className="text-2xl font-semibold text-gray-900">Embedded</h1>
      <p className="text-sm text-gray-500 mt-2">
        This is a demo of the embedded editor.
      </p>
    </div>
    <EmbeddedDashboardProvider
      dashboardId="dashboardId"
      customerId="customerId"
    >
      <EmbeddedItemsRenderer />
    </EmbeddedDashboardProvider>
  </main>
</EmbeddedProvider>
```

Swap out the `organizationId`, `dashboardId` and `customerId` with your own values.

### Overriding Default Tailwind Theme
If you want to override the default Tailwind theme, you can define your own theme variables and
pass them into the config in `tailwind.config.js`. See an example [here](https://github.com/cue-ai/examples/blob/main/packages/embedded-example/tailwind.config.override.ts)

## 2. iFrame

The iFrame method is the easiest way to embed dashboards. It is the least flexible and customizable way to embed dashboards.

```
<iframe
  src="https://app.trycue.ai/customer-dashboard/{dashboardId}?customer-id={customerId}"
/>
```

Swap out the `dashboardId` and `customerId` with your own values.

## 3. Customer Portal

The customer portal is a pre-built React application where your customers can access and configure their Cue dashboards.

This option is available by request only.
